c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\Lad.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\Lad.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.g.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\Lad.exe.config
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Content\Views\Learnings.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Content\Views\Learnings.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditSectionDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditSectionDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddSectionDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddSectionDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddLearningDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddLearningDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddAchivmentDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\AddAchivmentDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditAchivmentDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditAchivmentDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditLearningDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\EditLearningDialog.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Content\Views\Startup.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Content\Views\Startup.baml
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\Lad.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\Report.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\MessageBoxWindow\Report.baml
C:\Users\Александр\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lad\Lad\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
